Ques 1.)Describe the characterstics of Big Data in detail.
Ans 1.)(i)Volume – The name 'Big Data' itself is related to a size which is enormous. 
Size of data plays very crucial role in determining value out of data. Also, whether a 
particular data can actually be considered as a Big Data or not, is dependent upon volume 
of data. Hence, 'Volume' is one characteristic which needs to be considered while dealing with 'Big Data'.

(ii)Variety – The next aspect of 'Big Data' is its variety.
Variety refers to heterogeneous sources and the nature of data, both structured and unstructured. During earlier days,
spreadsheets and databases were the only sources of data considered by most of the applications. Now days, data in the
form of emails, photos, videos, monitoring devices, PDFs, audio, etc. is also being considered in the analysis applications. 
This variety of unstructured data poses certain issues for storage, mining and analysing data.

(iii)Velocity – The term 'velocity' refers to the speed of generation of data. 
How fast the data is generated and processed to meet the demands, determines real
potential in the data.Big Data Velocity deals with the speed at which data flows in from sources
like business processes, application logs, networks and social media sites, sensors, mobile devices, etc.
The flow of data is massive and continuous.

(iv)Variability – This refers to the inconsistency which can be shown by the data at times, thus hampering the
process of being able to handle and manage the data effectively.


Ques 2.)Explain the posiible solutions to handle Big Data?
Ans 2.)Column-oriented databases
       Schema-less databases, or NoSQL databases
        MapReduce
        Hadoop
        Hive
        PIG
        WibiData
        PLATFORA
        Storage Technologies
        SkyTree
        Big Data in the cloud
        
Ques 3.)Explain the differences between scaling up and scaling out?
Ans 3.)Scale up: the computing resources on a node,
       via parallel processing & faster memory/storage
        Scale out: the computing to distributed nodes
         in a cluster/cloud or at the edge
